SOLANA RENAISSANCE HACKATHON
Official Rules
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY
1. Contest Overview.
The Solana Renaissance Hackathon is an innovation challenge in which winners are determined
solely on the basis of skill. The objective of the Contest is to leverage Solana’s platform to build solutions
and experiment with blockchain technology. The Contest requires competence in the areas of design/UX,
development, and understanding of the Solana platform.
2. Definitions.
“Administrator” means Colosseum Org LLC.
“Host” means the Solana Foundation, Industriestrasse 47, 6300, Zug, Switzerland
“Content” means all materials, submissions, info, code, or otherwise submitted by Entrant
hereunder.
“Contest” means The Solana Renaissance Hackathon.
“Contest Sponsor” means a promotional sponsor of the Contest that is procured by Administrator.
“Creative Materials” means Contest-related marketing materials, which Administrator may
produce based upon the Contest and which may include Entrant’s name, image, likeness, and Content.
“Entrant” means an Individual that meets the applicable eligibility requirements set forth in
Section 3 of these Official Rules and that signifies agreement to these Official Rules in full, and
participates in the Contest.
“Project Submission” means the work product that an Entrant submits for entry into the Contest.
“Immediate Family” means an Individual who is a spouse, parent, sibling, child, or household
member.
“Individual” means a natural person.
“IRS” means the Internal Revenue Service, which is the tax authority for the United
States.
“Member” means an Individual participating in the Contest as part of a Team.
“Prize Acceptance Documents” means any document required to be executed by Administrator as
described in the Official Rules by a potential winner prior to being confirmed and validated as a winner in
the Contest.
“Profile Information” means the information, including personal information, required to enter
the Contest. This information may be used to identify an Individual.
“Released Parties” means the Administor, Host, judges, participating vendors of the
Administrator, and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, distributors, advertising/promotion
agencies, and prize suppliers, and each of their respective parent companies and each such company’s
officers, directors, employees and
agents.
“Team” means a group of Individuals, including a Team Leader, who participate together in the
Contest.
“Team Leader” means the Individual who provides the Profile Information of Members of the
Team and acts as the contact and representative for the Team.
3. Eligibility.
The Contest is open to Individuals who meet all of the following requirements:
(a) Individuals who are the age of majority in their country or residence or at least 18 years of age,
whichever is older as of the start of the Contest. If an Individual does not satisfy this age
requirement but is still interested in participating, please reach out to
hello@colosseum.org and the Administrator will make a determination on a case-by-case
basis in its sole discretion.
(b) Exclusions: Due to heightened U.S., UN, EU, and other sanctions and export control
regulatory compliance risks or other restrictions, the following are not eligible: (i) persons
located or ordinarily resident in: Afghanistan, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia,
Somalia, Syria, the Crimea/Sevastopol, Donetsk, Luhansk, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson
regions of Ukraine, Venezuela, and Yemen, or temporary or permanent residents of any
country in which the Contest participation is prohibited by law or would impose undue
hardship on either the Individual and/or the Administrator based on applicable national or
multinational jurisdiction export control or sanctions restrictions; (ii) an Individual subject
to U.S. or other applicable sanctions, including those imposed by the U.S. Office of
Foreign Assets Control; (iii) an Individual employed by an entity which is subject to U.S.
blocking sanctions, Entity List restrictions, or other applicable asset freeze or prohibited
party sanctions; and (iii) employees, contractors, directors and officers of the
Administrator, Contest Sponsors, or any of their subsidiaries, affiliates and agents, as well
as the Immediate Family of each such employee.
(c) Employer/Entity Permission/Acknowledgement – Individuals hereby represent and warrant
that their participation in the Contest will not violate any third-party rights or obligations,
including without limitation policies or procedures of an employer or contractual
obligations to or restrictions of an employer or other third party.
(d) Void where prohibited.
4. General Conditions of Participation.
(a) By clicking on the Official Rules checkbox at registration, Entrant signifies Entrant’s
acceptance of these Official Rules in their entirety. Receipt of any prize offered in this
Contest is dependent upon Entrant’s compliance in full with these Official Rules.
(b) Entrant agrees that Administrator’s decisions as to the determination of winners are final and
binding.
(c) Administrator seeks no promises or favoritism for itself or any of its related companies or
affiliates in exchange for the opportunity to participate in the Contest. By entering
the
Contest, Entrant represents, warrants, and agrees that (i) Entrant’s participation in the
Contest – including acceptance of any prize – will not violate any law, regulation, policy
or rule in Entrant’s country, state, province, or local municipal location; and (ii) any
potential prize is not in exchange for an agreement to influence a recent, pending or
anticipated act or decision that may result in Administrator obtaining or retaining business
or a business advantage.
(d) To the extent permitted under applicable law, Entrant agrees that Administrator may cancel,
suspend and/or modify the Contest, or any part of it, if any fraud, technical failures,
human error or any other factor impairs the integrity or proper functioning of the Contest.
(e) Entrant agrees that Administrator may disqualify any Entrant it finds to be tampering with the
operation of the Contest or to be acting in violation of the Official Rules or in an
unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner. Any attempt by any Entrant to deliberately
undermine the legitimate operation of the Contest may be a violation of the law, and
Administrator reserves all rights to seek damages and other remedies (including attorneys’
fees) from any such Entrant to the fullest extent permitted by law.
(f) Administrator is not responsible for incorrect or inaccurate entry information or Content
submitted by Entrant whether caused by Internet users or by any of the equipment or
programming associated with or utilized in the Contest or by any technical or human error
which may occur in the administration of the Contest.
(g) Entrant agrees that Administrator may change or modify these Official Rules at any time in its
sole discretion. Administrator will use reasonable efforts to notify Entrants of such
changes and modifications.
5. Timing. The Entry Period starts at 6:00am PT on March 4, 2024 and ends at 11:59pm PT on
April 8, 2024. The winners will be announced by April 30, 2024.
Administrator’s computer is the official time-keeping device for the Contest. Entrant is
responsible for determining the corresponding time in his, her, or its jurisdiction. Please see world clock
http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock for time zone conversion information. Dates listed in the above
chart may vary slightly. If any date is changed, Administrator will post the changes on the Contest site.
Please check the site regularly.
6. Registration and Submission.
(a) Individual Registration – In order to participate in the Contest, each Member must visit and
register at colosseum.org/renaissance before 11:58pm PT on April 1, 2024 and provide the
requested information. After 11:59pm PT on April 1, 2024, the individual registration
form will be disabled and any Member who does not provide the requested information to
Colosseum’s reasonable satisfaction before then will be disqualified.
(b) Registration of a Team – Each Team member must visit colosseum.org/renaissance to register
for the Contest and the team leader must upload the Project Submission before the end of
the Entry Period.
(c) An Entrant’s failure to provide Profile Information and provide express consent in accordance
with this Section is grounds for disqualification from the Contest.
(d) The Profile Information must conform to the guidelines and content restrictions set forth
below in Section 12. Failure to conform constitutes grounds for disqualification.
Administrator reserves the right to require a Team to modify its name as needed to
conform to the guidelines and content restrictions set forth in Section 12, or to otherwise
avoid confusion.
7. Limits: Entrant may only be a Member of one (1) Team. A Team may only submit one (1)
Project Submission at a time.
Entrants should not assume any right of confidentiality in any data or information divulged related
to his, her, or its Project Submission and/or Profile Information.
8. Winner Determination: Each Project Submission will be judged by a panel of judges determined by
Administrator in accordance with the following criteria:
(a) Functionality: How well does this Project Submission work? What is the quality of the
code?
(b) Potential Impact: How big is the total addressable market for this Project Submission? What
will be the impact of this Project Submission on the broader Solana ecosystem?
(c) Novelty: How unique is this Project Submission’s concept?
(d) UX: How well does this Project Submission utilize Solana's performance to create great UX
for downstream users?
(e) Open-source: Is this Project Submission open-source? How well does the Project Submission
compose with other primitives in the Solana ecosystem?
(f) Business Plan: Is there a viable business that can be built in the future around this
Submission?
9. Intellectual Property Retained by Entrant: Administrator does not claim ownership of any Project
Submission. At all times during and after the Contest, Entrants retain any intellectual property rights they
may have that are contained in and to their Project Submission. The protection of such intellectual
property is the sole responsibility of the Entrant. Entrants should ensure that third parties do not have
rights or claims on information or software programming language included in Entrant’s Project
Submission. Entrants agree to inform Administrator of the status and ownership of any open-source or
other third party code, intellectual property filings, or searches related to their Project Submission.
10. Intellectual Property Retained by Administrator: Administrator shall, at all times, retain all rights,
title, and interest, in and to any Creative Materials.
11. Entrant’s Personal Information: Except as set forth herein, all information submitted by Entrant in
the Contest will be treated according to the Administrator’s Privacy Policy, available for review online at
https://colosseum.org/legal/Colosseum%20-%20Privacy%20Policy.pdf. BY EXPRESSLY AGREEING
TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES AND BY PARTICIPATING IN THIS CONTEST, YOU ARE (I)
AGREEING TO SHARE ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO THE ADMINISTRATOR
WITH JUDGES AND CONTEST SPONSORS, AND (II) OPTING IN TO RECEIVE EMAILS
FROM THE SOLANA FOUNDATION AND COLOSSEUM. Additionally, Entrant agrees that
Entrant’s personal information may be transferred and stored on servers outside Entrant’s country of
residence, which may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as in Entrant’s own
jurisdiction and that it may also be processed by staff operating in the United States who work for
Administrator or for one of Administrator’s third party agents or suppliers for the purposes outlined in
these Official Rules. Entrant agrees to this transfer, storing or processing, and acknowledges that
Administrator is taking reasonably necessary steps to ensure that such information is treated securely and
in accordance with Administrator’s Privacy Policy. If Entrant has any questions/concerns about the
processing of Entrant’s personal information, or wishes to exercise Entrant’s rights in connection with such
personal information, Entrant may contact the Administrator at: hackathon@solana.org. Personal
information collected may include first name and last name, email address, postal address, country, state or
province and will be used to: (a) contact the Entrant in connection with the Contest; and (b) if the Entrant
elects to receive additional information from Administrator, to send additional information to the Entrant.
Entrants have a right of access to, modification and withdrawal of their personal data and the right of
opposition to the data collection, under certain circumstances. To exercise such right, Entrant may write to
operations@solana.com. Administrator will not provide personal information to any third party, except as
necessary to: (a) administer the Contest; (b) comply with legal requirements of any governmental
authority, (c) protect and defend the rights or property of Administrator; and (d) enforce these Official
Rules. FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) ONLY: Entrant
understands that: (i) Entrant has the right to withdraw consent to Administrator’s use and storage of his/her
personal information associated with his/her personal data at any time, but that such withdrawal will not
affect the lawfulness of Administrator’s processing (a) which is based on consent before such withdrawal;
or (b) that Administrator undertakes for its legitimate business interests (such interests include the
marketing and promotion of Administrator products and/or services); (ii) Entrant has certain rights in
respect of the personal information associated with his/her personal information which Administrator
holds about him/her and that, subject to certain exemptions, Administrator has the right to request access
to his/her personal information and have it rectified, erased or object to its processing, or to have access to
it restricted, as well as the right to data portability; (iii) Entrant may have the right to receive a copy of the
personal information which Administrator holds about him/her in a machine-readable format or transferred
to another entity; (iv) The personal information associated with Entrant will be retained by Administrator
for so long as is necessary in order to undertake the marketing and promotional activities for which it was
originally collected; and (v) If Entrant is unhappy with how Administrator is processing the personal
information associated with his/her personal information, Entrant may be entitled to lodge a complaint
with a data supervisory authority of an EEA member state.
12. Content Guidelines & Restrictions: All Content must comply with the guidelines and restrictions
stated below.
(a) Technical Guidelines and Restrictions:
(i) All Content must be in English;
(b) Content Restrictions:
(i) Entrant owns or otherwise has all rights in the Profile Information necessary to
participate in this Contest and to grant the rights to Administrator required
herein;
(ii) All Content must not contain material that violates or infringes another’s rights,
including without limitation, intellectual property rights infringement, privacy, or
publicity;
(iii) All Content must not disparage or adversely affect the name, brand image, reputation
or goodwill of Administrator or any other person or party affiliated with the
Contest;
(iv) Entrant must have permission from all Individuals that appear in any Content (if any)
to use their name and likeness and to grant the rights set forth herein;
(v) All Content submitted must not contain any viruses, worms, spy ware, or other
components or instructions that are malicious, deceptive, or designed to limit or
harm the functionality of a computer;
(vi) All Content must not contain material that is inappropriate, indecent, obscene
hateful, tortious, defamatory, slanderous or libelous;
(vii) All Content must not contain material that promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm
against any group or Individual or promotes discrimination based on race, gender,
religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; and
(viii) All Content must not contain material that is unlawful, in violation of or contrary to
the laws or regulations in any country where Content is created or that violates the
terms and conditions of any third-party video platform to which content has been
uploaded.
13. Winner Announcement and Requirements: The winners will be announced on or about April 30,
2024.
Winning is contingent upon the execution of Prize Acceptance Documents and/or any other
documents that Administrator and/or the Contest Sponsors require and passing of the due diligence
requirements of the Administrator and/or the Contest Sponsors.
14. Prizes (values stated before taxes, if applicable):
(a) Grand Champion: $50,000 USDC-SPL;
(b) Climate Award: $5,000 USDC-SPL;
(c) University Award: $10,000 USDC-SPL;
(d) Public Goods Award: $10,000 USDC-SPL;
(e) For each of the following fields, the First Place Award is $30,000 USDC-SPL, the Second
Place Award is $20,000 USDC-SPL, the Third Place Award is $15,000 USDC-SPL, the
Fourth Place Award is $10,000 USDC-SPL, and the Fifth Place Award is $5,000:
(i) Consumer Apps;
(ii) DeFi & Payments;
(iii) Gaming;
(iv) Crypto Infrastructure;
(v) DePIN;
(vi) DAOs & Startup Communities.
15. Taxes and Other Restrictions and Limitations:
(a) Stated prize values do not include taxes or other fees that may be due on winner’s receipt of a
prize.
(b) All prizes, including cash or cash equivalent, will be provided to the Team Leader. Each
winning team may be required to set up a wallet address, as directed by Administrator, in
order to receive the cash component of the prize.
(c) The prizes are non-transferable and no substitution is permitted, except with the express
permission of Administrator.
(d) Without limiting any of the prize exclusions set forth in this Section, winners are responsible
for all tax reporting and payments that may be required under the laws of their respective
jurisdictions.
(e) By receipt of any prize, to the extent permitted by applicable law, winners release and hold
harmless Administrator and Released Parties from and against any claim or cause of
action, including, but not limited to, damage to or loss of property, arising out of
participation in the Contest or receipt or use or misuse of any prize. This release does not
apply to claims against Administrator or the Released Parties for damages because of
personal injury or death, and to claims for damages in case of intent or gross negligence
by Administrator or the Released Parties.
(f) If a prize, or any portion thereof, cannot be awarded for any reason, Administrator reserves
the right to substitute prize with another prize of equal or greater value.
(g) Nothing in these Official Rules is intended to exclude, restrict, or modify an Entrant’s rights
under applicable consumer laws.
16. Not an Offer of Employment: Nothing in these Official Rules is an offer or contract of employment
of any kind with any Individual. Entrant acknowledges that Entrant’s Profile Information and Project
Submission have been submitted voluntarily and not in confidence or in trust. Entrant acknowledges that
no confidential, fiduciary, agency or other relationship or implied-in-fact contract now exists between
Entrant and Administrator or any of the Released Parties and that no such relationship is established by
submission of any Content pursuant to these Official Rules.
17. Entrant Behavior: During the Contest, Entrants may be subject to background checks in
Administrator’s sole and absolute discretion. If Entrants are sponsored by any third parties, including any
brands, such sponsors must be approved in advance and in writing by Administrator. Entrant shall not use,
or permit others (including their sponsors) to use Administrator’s trademarks, logos or other intellectual
property without the advance written consent of Administrator.
18. Limitations of Liability: To the extent permitted under applicable law, Administrator and Released
Parties are not liable for: (1) any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by Entrant, printing,
typographical or other errors, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the
Contest; (2) technical failures of any kind, including without limitation, malfunctions, interruptions, or
disconnections in phone lines or network hardware or software; (3) unauthorized human intervention in
any aspect of the Contest; (4) late, lost, undeliverable, damaged or stolen mail or other communications;
(5) any other claims of damages arising from participation in this promotion or acceptance or use of
prizes; and (6) any claims by an Entrant that his or her or its Profile Information or Project Submission or
any Content is similar to or competitive with technologies or products independently developed by
Administrator or received by Administrator from third parties, including from other Entrants.
19. Disputes:
(a) Except where prohibited, Entrant agrees that: (1) any and all disputes, claims and causes of
action arising out of or connected with this Contest or any prize awarded shall be resolved
individually and without resort to any form of class action, (2) any and all claims,
judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including
costs associated with entering this Contest, but in no event attorneys’ fees; and (3) under
no circumstances will Entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and Entrant hereby
waives all rights to claim, indirect, punitive, incidental and consequential damages and
any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses. Entrant also hereby
waives any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased.
(b) All disputes arising out of, connected with, or relating in any way to this Contest shall be
finally resolved by arbitration under the ICC (International Chamber of Commerce) Rules.
There shall be one arbitrator. Except where prohibited by law, the legal place of arbitration
shall be the State of Florida, United States. The language to be used in the arbitral
proceedings shall be English. The governing law of the contract shall be the substantive
laws of United States.
(c) For Residents of Colombia, Finland, Germany and Spain only: The limitation to the amount
of damages does not apply.
(d) For Residents of Poland only: Complaints regarding the Contest proceedings may be
submitted in writing to Administrator’s address within 21 days of the end of the Contest.
A written complaint should include: name, address of the Entrant, as well as detailed
description of the complaint. A complaint will be resolved within 14 days of receipt by the
Administrator. The decision will be communicated to the Entrant in writing by a
registered letter sent to the address included in the complaint within 7 days of the
resolution of the complaint.
(e) All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability
of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Entrant and Administrator in
connection with the Contest, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law
rules (whether of the State of Florida or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Florida.
20. Severability: If the application of any provision of these Official Rules to any particular facts or
circumstances shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a court, arbitration
panel or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, then (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such
provision as applied to any other particular facts or circumstances, and the other provisions of these
Official Rules, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) such provision shall be
enforced to the maximum extent possible. In addition, if any provision contained in these Official Rules
shall for any reason be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject,
it shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with
applicable law. Administrator’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a
waiver of that provision.
21. Publication of Winners: For a list of winners, visit colosseum.org/renaissance
© 2024 Colosseum Org LLC. All rights reserved.
